[now-rust] Update docs for `now dev` (#863)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/now-rust.mdx

Also, the source code of the deployment can be checked by appending `/_src` e.g. <https://rust-kit-rm1x19uq8.now.sh/_src>.

### Development

The `now dev` command allows you to develop lambdas locally on your machine. With `now dev` and `@now/rust` you can develop your rust-based lamdas on your own machine.

> When `NODE_ENV` is set to `development`, however, rust and openssl will not be installed by default. The easiest way to install rust on your machine is with [rustup](https://rustup.rs). Any other libraries you need during development should already be installed on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During local development with `now dev`, the assumption is that `rust` is already installed and available in your `PATH`, it is not installed automatically. The recommended way to install Rust on your machine is with [rustup](https://rustup.rs).
```

Author: Updated with 5dd1199. Tweaked a couple of parts just a little bit for extra info.

> During local development with `now dev`, the assumption is that `rust` and `cargo` are already installed and available in your `PATH` since it will not installed automatically. The recommended way to install `rust` and `cargo` on your machine is with [rustup](https://rustup.rs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During local development with `now dev`, the assumption is that `rust` and `cargo` are already installed and available in your `PATH` since they will not be installed automatically. The recommended way to install `rust` and `cargo` on your machine is with [rustup](https://rustup.rs).
```
